Now, I must tell you of a strange experience which bore fruit in my later life. 
We had a cold drier than eveer observed before. People walking in the snow left
a luminous trail. As I strocked Macak's back, it became a sheet of light and my
hand produced a shower of sparks. My father remarked, this is nothing but 
electricity, the same thing you see on the trees in a storm. My mother seemed 
alarmed. Stop playing with the cat, she said, he might start a fire. I was 
thinking abstractly. Is nature a cat? If som who stroles its back? It can only 
be God, I concluded.
I cannot exaggerate the effect of this marvelous sight on my childish 
imagination. Day after day I asked myself what is electricity and found no
answer. Eight years have gone by since and I still ask the same question,
unable to answer it.
	-Excerpt from Nikola Tesla's autobiography
	
	

Nikola Tesla grew up in Smiljin Croatia. His father was the priest of the town
and his mother was a minor inventor. He had four sibilings. Two older sisters,
an older brother and a younger sister. Niko(childhood nickname) was mostly 
raised by his two older sisters. He had a very Arcadian childhoodm annoying 
servants, playing with the local birds and other animals on the farm, and
learning minor inventions from his older brother and mother. When Tesla was
7 his brother died and caused a massive rift in the whole families life. It
was around this time that Niko started to have out-of-body experiences. At
times reliving his brothers death, traveling to new cities, or meeting people
that he had never seen before. It got to the point where he lost a handle on
what was realality and what was dream.

Before college at the Polytechnic School at Graz Nikola served 3 years in the
army. A major war broke out before his service had ended so instead of joining
the draft, under the directions of his father, he went to live in the mountains.
After his stent in the mountains he went to school. Nikola was an exemplary
student recieving all A's in his classes. He went on to study DC current and
magnetic fields. However, he did not graduate from Graz due to the fact that he
gammabled away all of his tuition money. Nikola Tesla vanished after that,
to ashamed to go back to his parents. He got a small time job with a local 
engineer and continued his quest to perfect the DC generator.

Having finally located his son Nikola Tesla's father worked out a deal that 
would have Nikola going back to school in Graz. Nikola refused his fathers offer,
stating he would never go back to school in Graz. His father passed away a 
year later and Nikola honnored his fathers wishes and went back to school.
This time though he went to the Charles-Ferdinand branch of the University of 
Prage, one of the foremost institutions in Europe.

After college Tesla gained employment at the American telephone exchange in 
Budapest. Here is where he first came into contact with the workings of Thomas
Edison. He spent endless hours, giving up sleep, food and friends to perfect
and improve unpon Edisons inventions. There came a point where his body just
gave out from the lack of sleep and malnourishment. He collapsed and went
into what could only be described as a state of insanity. He awoke and had
inspiration as how to solve the DC generator problem he had been working 
since leaving school in Graz. With a suggestiion from a friend that worked
closely with Edison, Nikola Tesla set off from America with hopes to improve
Edisons machince with his new found invention. 