School of Conjuration -
Conjor Savant: conjor spells cost half

Minor Conjuration: lvl 2 you can use your action to conjure up an inanimate object in your hand or on the ground in an unoccupied space that you can see within 10 feet of you. This object can be no larger than 3 feet on a side and weigh no more than 10 pounds, and its form must be that of a nonmagical object that you have seen. The object is visibly magical, radiating dim light out to 5 feet. The object disappears after 1 hour, when you use this feature again, or if it takes any damage.

Benign Transposition:
Starting at 6th level, you can use your action to teleport up to 30 feet to an unoccupied space that you can see. Alternatively, you can choose a space within range that is occupied by a Small or Medium creature. If that creature is willing, you both teleport, swapping places. Once you use this feature, you can’t use it again until you finish a long rest or you cast a conjuration spell of 1st level or higher

Focused Conjuration
Beginning at 10th level, while you are concentrating on a conjuration spell, your concentration can’t be broken as a result of taking damage.

Durable Summons
Starting at 14th level, any creature that you
summon or create with a conjuration spell has 30 temporary hit points.

Fimilar - cat named Macak
fey spirit:
  ac-14

  hp-35


Karl -
  real name: ? (sophia)
  name: Camile, Rosa, Luisa Jiron
  Interests: Noche de cereus(flower) \ cactus 
  Notes:
    5 silver a day
Kyle:
  name: Ander
  inspired?
    named: daay all uuun
Hawk:
  name: Byleth (https://www.dndbeyond.com/characters/33459643)

Town:
Orc Leader- Droval
Preist-Mr. Ben Tibado : DEAD
Wizard Shop keep-?
Weapon Shop-Targo Domogove?
Tommy Dimbert - Current Law
INN - Balur son drew

The  Order of the Manticore:
Blue Dragon - DEAD
  name: unknown
Cane Barvados - escaped Wizard

Carvone the Beholder
Mysterious Wizard trapped in a cage

Now, I must tell you of a strange experience which bore fruit in my later life. 
We had a cold drier than ever observed before. People walking in the snow left
a luminous trail. As I stroked Macak's back, it became a sheet of light and my
hand produced a shower of sparks. My father remarked, this is nothing but 
electricity, the same thing you see on the trees in a storm. My mother seemed 
alarmed. Stop playing with the cat, she said, he might start a fire. I was 
thinking abstractly. Is nature a cat? If so who strokes its back? It can only 
be God, I concluded.
I cannot exaggerate the effect of this marvelous sight on my childish 
imagination. Day after day I asked myself what is electricity and found no
answer. Eight years have gone by since and I still ask the same question,
unable to answer it.
	-Excerpt from Nikola Tesla's autobiography

Nikola Tesla grew up in Smiljin Croatia. His father was the priest of the town
and his mother was a minor inventor. He had four siblings. Two older sisters,
an older brother and a younger sister. Niko(childhood nickname) was mostly 
raised by his two older sisters. He had a very Arcadian childhood annoying 
servants, playing with the local birds and other animals on the farm, and
learning minor inventions from his older brother and mother. When Tesla was
7 his brother died and caused a massive rift in the whole families life. It
was around this time that Niko started to have out-of-body experiences. At
times reliving his brothers death, traveling to new cities, or meeting people
that he had never seen before. It got to the point where he lost a handle on
what was reality and what was dream.

Before college at the Polytechnic School at Graz Nikola served 3 years in the
army. A major war broke out before his service had ended so instead of joining
the draft, under the directions of his father, he went to live in the mountains.
After his stent in the mountains he went to school. Nikola was an exemplary
student receiving all A's in his classes. He went on to study DC current and
magnetic fields. However, he did not graduate from Graz due to the fact that he
gammabled away all of his tuition money. Nikola Tesla vanished after that,
to ashamed to go back to his parents. He got a small time job with a local 
engineer and continued his quest to perfect the DC generator.

Having finally located his son Nikola Tesla's father worked out a deal that 
would have Nikola going back to school in Graz. Nikola refused his fathers offer,
stating he would never go back to school in Graz. His father passed away a 
year later and Nikola honored his fathers wishes and went back to school.
This time though he went to the Charles-Ferdinand branch of the University of 
Prage, one of the foremost institutions in Europe.

After college Tesla gained employment at the American telephone exchange in 
Budapest. Here is where he first came into contact with the workings of Thomas
Edison. He spent endless hours, giving up sleep, food and friends to perfect
and improve upon Edisons inventions. There came a point where his body just
gave out from the lack of sleep and malnourishment. He collapsed and went
into what could only be described as a state of insanity. He awoke and had
inspiration as how to solve the DC generator problem he had been working 
since leaving school in Graz. With a suggestion from a friend that worked
closely with Edison, Nikola Tesla set off from America with hopes to improve
Edisons machince with his new found invention.

Linguist - Increase your Intelligence score by 1, to a maximum of 20.
• You learn three languages of your choice.
• You can ably create written ciphers. Others can’t decipher a code you create unless you teach them, they succeed on an Intelligence check (DC equal to your Intelligence score + your proficiency bonus), or they use magic to decipher it.

Alert - Always on the lookout for danger, you gain the following benefits:
• You gain a +5 bonus to initiative.
• You can’t be surprised while you are conscious.
• Other creatures don’t gain advantage on attack rolls against you as a result of being hidden from you

Higher Level Spells:
  lvl 3 - Magic circle, Lighting Bolt, , Summon Lesser Demon/Fey/Shadow
  lvl 4 - Storm Sphere, Dimension Door, Private Sanctum, Resilient Sphere
  lvl 5 - Conjure Elemental, Planar Binding, Infernal Calling, (Geas, Modify Memory, Scrying, Teleportation Circle)
  lvl 6 - Chain Lighting, Scatter, Arcane Gate, Globe of Invulnerability
  lvl 7 - Force-cage, Plane Shift
  lvl 8 - Antipathy/Sympathy, Demiplane
  lvl 9 - Gate

Tesla's School of Neodymium 
Homebrew Spells:
Tesla's Ferrous Indunction - lvl 1-2? Gives any object (excluding mithral or Adamantium) a magnetic force. Similar to immovable object. 

Tesla's Polarity Flux - lvl 3? Any object effect by a magnetic pull (excluding Mithral or Adamantium) in a 20ft sphere centered on the affected object is attracted/repelled towards/from the object. Up casting increases the force of attraction.

Tesla's Ionosphere - lvl 3-4? You electrically charge an area in a radius of 30ft. Any object that can conducted electricity gives off dim light. Any creature in this area that fails a con save is also vulnerable to lightning damage

Tesla's Field of Photon Distortion - lvl 4-5? You can create a magnetic field so strong around a creature or object that the passing photons of light through this field are distorted away from you. Making anything in 5ft of the affected object/creature undetectable by sight.  
