PARTY MEMBERS:
Shirou Xanxier-me:
Shirou has a good heart. In everything he does he means well. Spying for the org means doing something looked down 
upon but in the long run it will save more people. He is hesitant to kill but does not mind a fight My backstory 
that I’m going with is my town was destroy in some magic accident. My adpoted father rescued me from the fire. 
He was a splendid mage who worked for ark. Sadly he passed before i was properly trained. I grew up closely tied to 
the organization and that were i learned my bow skills and my craftiness with sneaking around. Some where along the 
way ipun decided to choose me for some reason and awoken the magic that was in me. Since then i was on yalls team 
running around assisting ark
-----
Kuki Shinjin-gabriel:
-----
Quintillian Prodspire-jaycob:
-----
Svend Thorinson-troy:
-----
Nara Yuann-colin:

The Trinity
  Graul - goblin. Petty dealings.
  Bosh - Deals in shady shit. Transport man
  Mama Ruka- dwarf. reports and taxes.

PEOPLE OF INTEREST:
  bobo bilgins

Expedition Guild:
  Talk to Gorathil


NPCs:
  bobo bilgins- bought majority of magic items leaving the Dahara. Ark doesnt like the resale of the items. They seem to
  be less enchanted on the sale.

  Logis - name on a sheet of paper in the wizard tower for one of our first quest

  Clerics of Saloon:
    Maaka - cleric of saloon that krel killed after party left
    Sherry - cleric of saloon that we meet at the temple of Shar

  Mad Fellows:
    Yozira (human-f) - super perceptive and stealthly
    Chauncy (drow-m) - Bloodhunter
    Rosalia (elf-f) - Druid support healer
    Kled (m) - warlock im betting
      -puppet name: no?
    Yaya (Kobold-m) - Bard not very smart at all
    Varhun (Dwarf-m) - Barbarian strong man

  Camleot:
    Authur: A wanna be eldritch knight
    Merlin:
    Madam Morgana:
    Mizarak: Shopkeep
    
    Research lab:
      -David(dead killed by svend) - undead goblin bartender who was hired to keep prying eyes out of the lab
      
      Loot:
        2 amber 
        amytheist
        garnet
        jade
        weapon of warning club
        mythril plate mail
        notes of the research
        1 vile of mysterious liquid

  Nuntes City:
    Iregil - Warden captain

  Logus Xansier: My step-father
    -master of the elementals at the lake inbetween Dahara
    
  Delta Xansier: Blonde hair. Was in camleot
